Intentionally find some actors to live up to face and suffer
Fu Hongyan
Ye Shao, the capital of other people, came to propose marriage, but you rejected it.
It's not appropriate to put a good young lady here
I insist on marrying that useless liar
It really makes me sick.
Vice President, what do you mean?
You say you are the climax of the Knight Group
Then you must know my son
Vice President Na Qi is the chairperson of Wang Group
How dare you take advantage of him?
I'll tell you, right?
Excuse me, oops.
Fu Hongyan, do you believe it or not?
I say a word
Can make all your efforts go to waste
Well, we'll just wait and see.
I might as well tell you
What you call a pleasure
It is the Holy Lord of Great Xia who has conquered the five major cities of Great Xia
absurd
You dead old man, it's okay to pretend to be the guardian of the southern border
He Ye Huan still dares to pretend to be the Holy Master of Great Xia
I see you are courting death
I think you are courting death because you angered Mr. Ye
I'm afraid it won't end well for you.
Go ahead.
I really don't believe it.
I have to put 8 words on this tiger's face today
What can you do to me?